Describe the limitation of INDEX function (#981)
handsontable/hyperformula: docs/guide/known-limitations.md

* CHISQ.INV, CHISQ.INV.RT, CHISQ.DIST.RT, CHIDIST, CHIINV and CHISQ.DIST (CHISQ.DIST in CDF mode): Running time grows linearly with the value of the second parameter, degrees_of_freedom (slow for values>1e7).
* GAMMA.DIST, GAMMA.INV, GAMMADIST, GAMMAINV (GAMMA.DIST and GAMMADIST in CDF mode): Running time grows linearly with the value of the second parameter, alpha (slow for values>1e7). 
* For certain inputs, the RATE function might have no solutions, or have multiple solutions. Our implementation uses an iterative algorithm (Newton's method) to find an approximation for one of the solutions to within `1e-7`. If the approximation is not found after 50 iterations, the RATE function returns the `#NUM!` error.

> * The two first parameters of the INDEX function are required. Only the last one can be omitted (it defaults to '1' in such a case).

Author: You're right. I updated the description in `built-in-functions` page:
> Returns the content of a cell, specified by row and column number. The column parameter is optional and defaults to 1.

But this function works differently from [Excel](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/index-function-a5dcf0dd-996d-40a4-a822-b56b061328bd) so it should be mentioned in `know-limitations`. The differences are:
1. Only column parameter is optional in our implementation.
2. When column parameter is not provided INDEX return a cell value from column 1; not the whole row.

> * The two first parameters of the INDEX function are required. Only the last one can be omitted (it defaults to '1' in such a case).

Author: @kirszenbaum Please feel free to describe these differences in `known-limitations` the way you think is the most appropriate.

> * INDEX function always returns a single cell. It does not support returning whole rows/columns of the source range. The two first parameters of the INDEX function are required. Only the `Column` parameter can be omitted (it defaults to '1' in such a case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The INDEX function doesn't support returning whole rows or columns of the source range – it always returns the contents of a single cell.
```

Author: Suggestion applied

Author: Thanks a lot!
